NXDOC-1991: release notes for studio 3.20 (#1253)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/studio/nuxeo-studio/nuxeo-studio-release-notes.md

{{!--     ### nx_asset ###
    path: /default-domain/workspaces/Product Management/Documentation/Documentation Screenshots/Studio/studio-release-notes-2019-09/help-button
    name: help-button.png
    studio_modeler#screenshot#up_to_date
--}}
![help-button](nx_asset://7473bacf-99cf-4e49-9339-7b54f9638a44 ?w=50)

{{!--     ### nx_asset ###
    path: /default-domain/workspaces/Product Management/Documentation/Documentation Screenshots/Studio/studio-release-notes-2019-09/app-launcher
    name: app-launcher.png
    studio_designer#screenshot#up_to_date
--}}
![app-launcher](nx_asset://10a33333-2ee6-4e70-b147-9823a718a38f ?w=50)

{{!--     ### nx_asset ###
    path: /default-domain/workspaces/Product Management/Documentation/Documentation Screenshots/Studio/studio-release-notes-2019-09/user-account
    name: user-account.png
    studio_modeler#screenshot#up_to_date
--}}
![user-account](nx_asset://1dba790e-d966-4c93-9e99-08774bcc6ae5 ?w=50)

### Layout Inheritance

In Studio Designer, layouts mimic the doctype you inherit from. If your document type inherits from File for instance, you will have layouts that look just like a Web UI file instead of a generic one.

> We are taking advantage of this work to better manage how default document types are handled too: currently if you try to override a folderish document, the view layout does not allow to configure the columns to display. With that change you will get a view layout you can actually tweak, just like any other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are taking advantage of this work to better manage how default document types are handled too: currently if you try to override a folderish document, the view layout does not allow to configure the columns to be displayed. With that change, you will get a view layout you can actually tweak, just like any other.
```

### Scripts Creation from Business Logic Screens

From a workflow or the event handlers screen, the shortcut to create automation chains allows to create automation scripts as well.

### Prompt for Save Before Leaving

> Studio warns before you leave the page in case you have unsaved configuration: when switching from Modeler to Designer and vice versa for instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you have unsaved configuration (when switching from Modeler to Designer and vice versa for instance), Studio warns you before you leave the page.
```
